you will be given a rod of length n and
an array of prices that contain prices of all size
Smaller than n our task is to cut the rod
in such a way that it maximises the total amount
of money we get
For example let us take a rod of length four
these are the
price information for the smaller Pieces The rod
of length one is worth rupees two rod of length
two is worth of rupees
Five rod of length three is worth rupee six and
the rod of length four is worth rupees
Eight
Now we have to cut this given rod of length
four in such a way that it gives us maximum
profit
Let us say the various possibilities of cutting this rod
one by one we can cut this rod into four single
pieces
In this case we will get a profit of four
into 2 ₹8
we can also cut this rod into two pieces rod
of length one and another rod of length three
Here we will get a profit of two two plus six ₹8
We can also cut this rod into three pieces two
pieces of length one and one piece of length two
In this case we will get a profit of two
plus two plus five ₹9 like this they can cut the
rod
In many ways our task is to find maximum profit
Here
We can get a maximum profit of 10 rupees
then we cut the rod into two pieces of length
two you need to write a logic to solve this
problem.